New events documentation (#760)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/events/api/_index.en.md

---
title: Altinn Events API
linktitle:  API
description: An overview of the Altinn Events API
weight: 10
toc: true
---

> The Altinn Events API is an HTTP-based RESTful API that provides access to cloud events published to 
> Altinn by Altinn Apps and other event publishers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Altinn Events API is an HTTP-based RESTful API that provides endpoints and actions for publishing of events and subscribing to events from Altinn 3 Apps and other registered sources.
```

## Base URL

- AT (Private Altinn Acceptance Test environment)
 
    ```http
    https://platform.{environment}.altinn.cloud/events/api/v1
    ```
- TT02 (Application owner test environment)
 
    ```http
    https://platform.tt02.altinn.cloud/events/api/v1
    ```
- Production:

   ```http
    https://platform.altinn.cloud/events/api/v1
    ```

## Authentication & Authorization
### Altinn token

> This API is secured using OAuth2 and all requests must include a valid Altinn token either in the Authorization header or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Events API is secured using OAuth2 and all requests must include a valid Altinn token either in the Authorization header or
```
